Have you ever looked at a complex GitHub project
and wished it was easier to understand? Well,
now there is a solution! We've just launched
a brand new online service that takes any
GitHub codebase and transforms it into a simple,
easy-to-follow tutorial using AI. Check this out!
This is the page. You can see all the latest
tutorials generated right here – folks have
been busy in just the last few hours! And yes,
the entire underlying project is open-sourced.
Using it is incredibly simple. All you need to
do is paste a GitHub link into this input box.
For example, let's use this GitHub repository for
the Python SDK of the Modal Context Protocol. It's
super popular, tons of stars, everyone wants to
use it to connect AI agents with tools. But let's
be honest, the GitHub README can be a bit dense
and not very beginner-friendly. So, instead of
struggling, I just copy the link, paste it right
here, and hit the button 'Generate Tutorial.'
Our AI then gets to work. It crawls the GitHub
repo, intelligently identifies the key files
to read – automatically unchecking things like
licenses but focusing on markdown and Python code
files. You can even customize this selection
if you want. Once you click on the 'Generate
Tutorial' button, it takes about 5 minutes.
You'll see the AI working behind the scenes: it is
fetching the repo, reading the files, identifying
core abstractions, building a knowledge graph, and
finally, writing the tutorial chapter by chapter.
And boom! You are automatically redirected to
your customized tutorial. Look at this:
it starts with a high-level summary of the
project and a neat diagram breaking down core
abstractions like the command line interface,
Fast MCP Servers, and key primitives.
The chapters are logically organized,
starting from the high-level entry points and
the basic ideas, then gradually diving deeper.
You learn about MCP services, primitives, and how
to use resources, and even what happens behind
the scenes with helpful sequence diagrams.
It's not just how to use it, but also how it
is implemented. For instance, Chapter 5 here
delves into transport layers – standard I/O,
HTTP, WebSockets – it's all there!
Now, this online service is built on
our open-source project, which has over 8,000
stars right now! I've previously made YouTube
videos diving deep into its development and even
did an interview with Angel about its journey.
Both got a ton of views and positive feedback.
So, with all that passion from you, we thought,
'Why not make it even easier for everyone to use
that?' And that's why we've built this online
service. No more feeling overwhelmed by complex
codebases. If you want to learn something new,
this is the way to go. It's a simple service
wrapping our powerful open-source project,
making it super user-friendly.
We are already thinking about new
features, so try it out! The link is in the
description. Let us know what you think and
how it goes. This is a quick video, but I hope
you find it useful. See you in the next one!